Scripts: Remove inject polyfill by default (#35436)
WordPress/gutenberg: packages/scripts/CHANGELOG.md

## Unreleased

### Breaking Changes

> - The webpack config was update to no longer include the polyfill by default when creating the assets.php file. If your usage requires the wp-polyfill, you must explictly set it as a dependency. ([#34536](https://github.com/WordPress/gutenberg/pull/35436)]

Reviewer: Minor tweak for the changelog

```suggestion
- The webpack config was updated to no longer include the polyfill by default when creating the `assets.php` file. If your usage requires the `wp-polyfill`, you must explicitly set it as a dependency. ([#34536](https://github.com/WordPress/gutenberg/pull/35436)]
```
